hey Alexander come here listen have you
seen Cindy Cinderella looks like someone
has a crest Cindy's back on the block oh
yes she's back she's back in she's going
hard Merry Christmas Mitch tell you
about me and Chester you're breaking up
with him thank God I'm gonna be cheating
on you like that
wait what you you did no white light
pushing her name photo dyani destiny
you're making me lose my game she's some
white fish yesterday she told me with
real fish yeah [ __ ] like a real [ __ ]
girl like vagina and everything girl
calm the [ __ ] down it's not that they're
in I would go with you under one
condition you must promise me that
there's not gonna be any drama I promise
I promise look at me in my eyes and
promise I probably do drama
boy help me you don't have to quit round
the beach what did you do to her did you
find ever shuttle no that [ __ ] went
talking it was since I met her
why does he owe you money
we made a business transaction you're
not even hard yet [ __ ] hard
that's our Chester citizen who's you man
who taught these to you Cindy what do
you see in him
talk to me
we got out of jail for 24 hours she's
only causing drama she called the police
the cops are coming
flora
out here it is all about our hustle and
that's it
this [ __ ] girl thing
[Music]